While I was working I had an older man, looked to be in his 60s or 70s, tells me that he couldn’t sleep at night without me beside him in his bed and asked if I would come home with him. I was absolutely disgusted that a man would say that to me as a child.
One time, a man told my coworker that she should wear her name tag on her shirt so that he could stare at her chest. Another time, a drunk customer almost took his pants off in the middle of the store after she refused his advances. 
I was use to how the guys acted... but being cornered in the small produce cooler by a rather large co-worker, was not something I was looking forward to. [He] would not let me pass and believe me there was no way around him, he began putting his hands on me and pulling me towards him as if to kiss, then showed me his penis. I had to show him I was carrying a pocketknife so that he would leave me be. To be female in food service, you have to have a thick skin...you have to endure the sexism and the insulting jokes. You have to work twice as hard as any man does just to show that you are not being a female.
I was working at PetSmart a few years back. A male customer, probably in his mid 20s, was leering at me. Any time I was alone, he’d walk past me and say, “Meet me outside.” Eventually I had to go to the back to get something and I was so terrified that I had to grab a manager to accompany me, in case the man tried to follow me. Eventually he left the store but his leering and insistence was terrifying.
At a breakfast diner chain my manager put his arm around me and tried to kiss me one morning when I handed him a coffee. When I reported it, Human Resources required him to watch a sensitivity video and gave me a ten-cent raise. 
[At that diner] a cook trapped me in the cooler and groped me
a customer followed me to the parking and almost wouldn’t let me leave
another cook pushed me into my car after my shift and unbuckled his pants. Food service is hell.
Then continue to tell me how pretty I am, to the point where it’s uncomfortable. I have said thank you, and let them know it’s unwanted attention. But it makes working uncomfortable because you don’t know who you’re going to run into when you clock in.
You would not believe the number of times I was propositioned over the intercom [at a drive-thru]. Specifically, at the end of one order I asked if the customer needed anything else and he replied a blowjob would be nice. I only ever had one (male) manager overhear and get angry on my behalf as opposed to laughing. I also had more than one female coworker come to me and ask me to go out to the lobby to wipe tables, change out the tea, etc. because male customers were leering at them, asking when they got off work, even catcalling them. I wasn’t allowed to say anything to them; I don’t think any manager ever made them leave. I know in my time there, there were no less than three male managers fired over sexual harassment. 
I worked at Starbucks for almost three years in college. When one of my coworkers and I reported our shift manager for sexual harassment we were told we’d be laid off the following week. 
One night, I was working behind the counter selling entry tickets [at an arcade] when this big family came in. The grandpa, who was probably in his late 70s/early 80s, was giving me creepy looks, and when it was his turn to come up to the counter to get his wristband to enter the arcade, he grabbed my hand, stroked his finger up and down my ring finger, whispered “No ring…” and gave me this smile that made my stomach churn. [This was] when I was 16, [and] I looked like I was maybe 12 or 13. Which means that there was absolutely no mistaking that I was underage. 
While working at Crate and Barrel customer service answering phones I had a man ask for gift box wherein he can place a cuff he purchased for his wife. But the way described it he was more describing his penis. It was awful and uncomfortable. I never hung up on any customer besides him. 
I had a part-time job at a bar. I was groped during a shift more recently. I was tidying after a crowded party, and slightly bent over whilst putting bottles in a bin and I felt someone’s presence behind me. He was touching me inappropriately with his hands and looming over me, silently. This rattled me to my core.
This one time, a man came in with his son. When I came to help them find what they were looking for, the father then smiled at me in a suggestive way and asked if I could help them with underwear. The father (in front of his teenaged son, who looked uncomfortable the whole time) began asking me about myself. In between he would comment on my hair, on my smile, how pretty I was. I was a retail worker and the customer is always right, even when they make you uncomfortable. Finally he turned to his son and he said “that’s it, there’s that blush. A beautiful woman blushing is what men love” in this disturbing, sexual voice. 
My experiences with sexual harassment at my retail job ranges from verbal to physical, [but] most of what I deal with is verbal and it comes from men of all ages. I’ve come to almost expect it from teens to middle-aged men, but the most surprising was from a much older man, around late 70s. As I walked to the register to ring up him and his wife, he looked me up and down and said “Ohhh, sexy” with a leering smile... I was so angry because I didn’t feel like I could stand up for myself for fear of my job, or having worse reactions from the customer which could escalate the situation.
A male customer stalked me for several weeks late last year, culminating in an incident where he followed me around the shop shortly before close, casually showing me what appeared to be a gun tucked into his waistband. Some of my male coworkers told me I was exaggerating or that the guy “wasn’t so bad”. Another, my manager at the time and one of the best men I’ve ever known, bought me a knife and taught me how to use it when I told him what had happened. 
This happened when I was about 23 and working in a popular retail store that sells tea and tea accessories. I was alone in the store for a moment and a man comes in. He starts talking to me and I go into my usual sales pitch. Then he randomly gets really close to me and tells me that: “my tits are really great.” He had gotten so close, almost touching me. After he left I was still shocked and shaking. I still remember that as one of the most humiliating things that has ever happened to me, and it makes me cringe every time I think about it. 
During the holidays I’d wear a santa hat to work and a male coworker once asked if I would give him my hat and sit on his lap. And of course there were the guys who would ask me to massage their shoulders or feet while trying out the massage chairs/calf massagers. Once when I refused to massage a man’s feet he asked “Isn’t that what they pay you for? Why else would they have women working in here?” After working in retail for six years I vowed I never would again. Women working in retail are walking targets that can’t defend themselves for fear of losing their lousy low paying jobs. 
I’m currently working at Starbucks, and as a 23 year old female, I come across all types of guys -men- older men. The good days are the days when they ask you if your single and why “a pretty girl like you is should be alone”. The not so good days are the ones where they feel free to touch you, a hand on your arm, an unwanted hug, a pat on my lower back, a pat on my backside. I can’t say that I’ve been sexually harassed on the highest level, still I feel like I should voice how inevitable it feels. 
I’ve had to deal with male customers who stop and comment on the fact that I rest on my knees while sticking our warehouse. My favorite is “you need to get up off those knees, girl.” All while they stand and leer while licking their lips. I’m at work. I don’t want to flirt with you. I want to do my job and go home. Unmolested and unbothered. I recently had a male coworker slap my behind with a fly swatter. One guy I work with offered to hold my hand because “I was blushing and clearly liked getting my butt spanked.” I wasn’t blushing. My ears and cheeks were red because I was mortified and angry.
I worked at a well-known hardware store and a guy came up and started hitting on me — just the usual comments about my appearance and asking for my number. When I said I wasn’t interested he got really pushy and demanded to know why. When he was ready to go he asked in front of some other staff members if I could help him carry his stuff out to his car. I didn’t feel like I could say no without looking like a bad employee, so I helped him out and he insisted on giving me his number and said cheerfully that he was a regular customer and he’d see me again.
As a librarian, I've been threatened with stalking for not giving my phone number to a patron. I've also been shown naked, sexually explicit photos; and propositioned by countless men, some of which were married and standing right next to their children. Some of my female colleagues have had male patrons waiting for them in the parking lot after work, and they've received explicit messages over social media.
I got fired from a retail job because I'm a lesbian and wouldn't sleep with my MALE boss!!
I worked as an office manager, and the only woman, for an industrial insulation company. I had just come back from maternity leave and I was worried about my milk supply. I went into the bathroom to pump for about 15 minutes every two hours, and all of the men in the office would stand in the break area (right in front of the bathroom door) and make baby crying noises to make fun of me. Eventually it progressed to the point that they would make crying noises every time they passed my desk in hopes that I would leak through my shirt. 
They would also make comments about how much larger my breasts were since having a baby. I felt so harassed and unsafe that I would dread going to work every day, and I even had more than a few nervous breakdowns. My husband was furious and I had to convince him not to take any drastic action so that I could be sure to have a good reference if I needed to find another job. We had a long conversation and looked at our finances and decided the extra money wasn't worth the emotional distress. 
I used to work for a call center and the men there were extremely disgusting, always muttering sexual comments. The worst one I had was from a co-worker who used to message me on the work chat room, asking me to come blow him under his desk. When I reported it to HR they said I was the one causing the issue.
When I was 13 or 14, I was babysitting two kids and some other kids came over for a play date, so I ended up watching them too. I got a ride home from the dad of one of the kids who'd come over. Earlier, I had noticed him staring at me — specifically my chest — but I didn’t think much of it. When we got in the car, he asked me where I went to school (normal), what I did outside of school (a little weird, but eh) and if I had a boyfriend (creepy). I, being an innocent lil nerd, proceeded to talk about the classes I was taking and how time-consuming but fun they were. I remember feeling flattered that he asked me so many questions about my life and seemed to listen to my response. I lived close by, so luckily I was home before anything could happen. As I was leaving the car, he asked for my phone number to contact me to babysit (which, again, is weird in retrospect because his daughters said they had a live-in nanny who usually watched them). I didn’t have a cell at the time and told him to ask the people I babysat for regularly to send him my email. He looked kinda mad, but by this point, I was out of the car and walking up the stairs to my front door.
I work in law enforcement. I started out as a correctional officer in an all-male prison. When I was walking to my post one day an inmate screamed at me, 'Bitch, I'll beat your pussy so hard it'll put you in the hospital.' I called a unit code because to me, that is harassment. Violent sexual harassment. But because I worked in a male prison, I was supposed to let it go in one ear and out the other.
I work as an administrator in higher education, and the financial aid liaison constantly made advances, despite me constantly telling him 'no.' One day he told me a horrible story about jacking off in his friend's sperm sample he found in the fridge (apparently the friend and his wife were trying fertility treatments), and the wife ended up pregnant. I shortly thereafter left that school to work at a different campus. It would've been way too much political BS to go through to report someone of his position.
I’m a waitress, and I get harassed daily by customers trying to order. Sexual harassment is part of the culture in every restaurant I’ve worked for. The kitchen staff openly comments on female servers and female managers. The saddest thing is that it’s never properly addressed because cooks always have more job security than servers. I’ve even had a male manager tell me straight up that anybody can take that Coke to that table, but not everyone can make an omelette.
I was 21 bartending at a restaurant, and my manager told me I needed to show more boob to draw in a more steady group of regulars. It was like 7:00 P.M. on a week night, and there were many kids around. I laughed it off and told him maybe after the children were gone. It was my first restaurant bartending job.
I don't work, but this happened to me at school. So this boy decides to sexually harass me, and so I go to the principal and they said that they would 'talk to him about it.' He's done this to 14 other girls, six of whom had reported it (I became the seventh), and he gets in school suspension for a week. A WEEK. He's still allowed to go to school there and gets a small infraction on his record. It wasn't right with me and my friends, so after he got out, we had multiple people walk me and the other girls around to their classes so they would feel more safe. He tried to talk to me, but they formed a barrier between me and him and told him that he had to go away. I never felt more powerful than when I saw him get smaller and smaller down the hallway.
I had a male customer ask me out for his son, and when I told him I was married he asked, 'Happily?' Are you fucking kidding me? I just fucking stared at him.
I was in college working at a fast food place when we got a new manager who was hired amidst plenty of backroom skullduggery. One morning when I was opening, the new manager was there. I went to the back to get some condiments for the line, and he literally shoved me up against the metal racks, pressed up against me, and asked if I’d ever done it with a black man before. Fortunately, before I was even able to respond, another worker came back and he laughed and walked away. I told the other manager that I never wanted to be put on the schedule with this jerk again. More backroom skullduggery and this guy was out. But not fired. They transferred him to another store.
I work for a non-profit, and one of the services we provide is access to grant funding so that people can go back to school. I was signing up an older gentleman, asking the usual questions about unemployment and supplemental income, and literally in the middle of the conversation, he stopped me mid-sentence and asked, 'Has anyone ever told you you are so sexy?' I gave him my best icy glare, told him to please focus, and went on with my inquiry. 
I'm a high school teacher, and my first year teaching I was sexually harassed quite regularly by a group of male students. It got to a point where I was uncomfortable walking down the hallway from my classroom to my office.
I’m a clergy person. After conducting a funeral, I waited with the funeral director to ensure the burial was completed according to our religious custom. He took the opportunity to cop a feel.
I worked at a supermarket when I was 16, and this one old guy would come in all the time and hang around. One morning it was only me and another girl, probably 19, working the front end, and he commented on our appearances for like ten minutes in front of other customers. Then he asked me if I was a virgin and told me that I better be and kept talking about it until he was kicked out after a male manager came over.
Another guy that I worked with was in his late 20s, and he kept asking me out and would follow me around after his shift when I was doing carriages. I had to ask my managers to make him stop.
I can't even tell you the number of times the creepy maintenance guy would ask me if I wanted to see his dick. My license plate is 'HINCK,' my last name, so I would always get, 'Hinck, wanna see my dick?' (usually with a nice crotch grab). Of course, it was always when no one was around. He was 30 and I was 17 or 18.
I was on the phone with a client and he decided a professional phone call was a good time to tell me that I have a 'sensual voice.' He then proceeded to ask how old I was and if I was married. He must have realized he fucked up because he opted out of phone calls and would only communicate through email after that.
I used to be a marketing director for a well known quick service restaurant. I would have to work with the mall's marketing manager to coordinate our advertisements and their placements. He would constantly make little remarks about my outfits, hair, and makeup. At one point, he invited me out to drinks. I was in my 20s and he was 75. I politely declined, but he refused to accept no for an answer. He showed up every day I was in the store to ask me, and when I wasn't in, he berated one of my employees until they gave him my cell phone number. I quit that job because I couldn't deal with him anymore and his superiors refused to reprimand him, even after my own boss stepped in on my behalf.
At my corporate job I was leaving my department for a new one. On my last day, one of my co-workers cornered me and whipped out his dick. When I shielded my eyes and yelled at him asking why he did that, he told me 'I wanted to make sure you got the chance to see it.' Later that same day another male co-worker followed me into the elevator and tried to make out with me. When I pushed him away he called me a bitch. I was leaving the department to get away from them, but decided to leave the entire job instead. I now work with all women for a non-profit and couldn't even imagine getting back into the corporate world.
During the first month of my job at a theater, I worked the night shift most days with my male supervisor. One night we started talking and I gave him my Snapchat, just like I had done with my other coworkers. That night he sent me a dick pic and asked me to rate him. Knowing he had a tendency to drink, I shrugged it off and ignored my discomfort. Two days later as we were cleaning at work, he sent me a Snapchat that said, 'I'm hard.' I ignored it and tried to remain calm. The next day when I worked with him, we were cleaning again and he told me we needed to go check one of the theaters (even though we had just cleaned it), and as soon as the door closed behind us, he crept toward me and asked, 'Do you wanna touch it?' I immediately ran into the lobby where there were a few dozen people. This went on for six months, and I was too scared to tell my employer. I was promoted to supervisor after he quit this year, and I do my best to make sure none of my employees have to go through what I went through.
I worked at a department store for six years. I started when I was a month shy of turning 18 and worked as a men’s fitting room attendant in the men’s underwear section. My boss hired me because he 'liked the way I looked.' After three months of REPEATED complaints by me of harassment by men in the fitting room, I was moved to a cashier position. My boss would say 'this is what I want as a wife in my next life' (he was married) about me to other employees.
After three years, I was promoted to bridal registry and got my own office. My old boss came into my office, took off his wedding band, dropped it on my desk and told me, 'the symbol is gone.' When I was about to file a harassment complaint against him, he came out as gay and started parading his new boyfriend around the store. Despite his harassment over a period of four years, I lost all credibility when he came out. People can be bi and harass both genders!
I worked as a photographer for the local newspaper when I was putting myself through college. One day on a shoot, the top dog on location pulled me aside and told me that he thinks about me when he’s sleeping with his wife. He had an 18-year-old daughter, yet he felt I️t was okay to not only sexualize me, but isolate me at my place of work where I couldn’t lash out in retaliation. I told my boss, who said, 'That’s the industry, and when you look like that you should expect I️t.
I used to work in property management. My boss would hit on me constantly, and since he lived on site and I worked, he would come drunk in his pajamas on Saturdays and ask me personal questions. He would make me file in his office and just watch me. Once we had to check out an apartment, and he closed and locked the door behind us. He seemed drunk (even though it was a work day), and he began asking me why I think I can be so confident and think I'm hot shit. I left, and when he came back to the office he began reading my browser history to the whole staff and mocking me. The next day my boyfriend brought me lunch, and two hours later there was a memo about how there were no personal visits allowed. This is just one example of dozens, unfortunately. He was much bigger than I was and luckily I didn't work there much longer, but when I reported his behavior to the temp agency I went through, they said they knew already. It had happened to several girls before me, and they just shrugged it off.
I worked at a retail store and I had a boss tell me that I had 'really nice lips, perfect DSL (dick sucking lips).' I also had a different manager touch my ass every day when I was pulling stuff from shelves in the back room. Also had a manager tell me I didn’t need to show my cleavage and that people would still like me even if I didn’t. (I wasn’t showing cleavage I am just very busty.) Also had a coworker who looked down my shirt and tell me my bra was 'really pretty today.'
One last one was at a gas station where I was a manager, and I was told I needed to wear makeup to appear more likable to our truck driver customers. So yes, pretty much being a woman in the workforce is hell.
When I was 16, I was working at a grocery store as a cashier. One day, as I was climbing a ladder to put up some signage, a manager approached me and said "I could watch you go up and and down that ladder all day. You have a great ass!" He made comments like that to me on a regular basis. I was only in high school at the time, so it took me awhile, but I finally reported it and he was fired.
I work in a hospital. These are stories about harassment by my coworkers, all at work, during the day, in the presence of multiple people: There is the young doctor who, while answering a question, runs his hand up and down my arm and one day told me he has a foot fetish, that if he sees women's feet he loses it—all while staring at my open-toed sandals. There was the very important (and married) doctor who repeatedly emailed me late at night from his work account to flirt with me and ask me out for coffee. There’s the female coworker who repeatedly grabs my ass in the hallway; the young doctor who only talked to me about my clothes, and my red hair (and showed me Youtube videos about gingers). And the coworker who was a hands-sliding (down to my ass) hugger. Going back further, there’s the professor who got drunk at a school party and bit me on the shoulder. Like with most other women you'll hear from, I’ve had so many moments like these that I’m sure I’ve forgotten many.
I was doing an internship at a TV production company. I was the only female in the writer’s room, and on my first day a script needed to be translated. When I was asked if I could do it, I replied that I could, as I was bilingual. One of the executives’ reply? "I have two cocks here, you can suck them." Everybody laughed while I just stood there looking horrified.
I work in tech. When I would walk by a coworker he'd email me to tell me he liked my outfit or that my legs looked good. He was a top sales rep, and was later sued by a female employee (I warned management but they ignored me). But he's still employed at the company. Then there was the time I was sitting down in a chair and (unbeknownst to me) the CEO put his hand on the chair so that I sat on it. And the former boss who once slapped my bum. I was let go after reporting it while he stayed on in a director role. All of this is why I don't wear skirts or dresses anymore.
I worked for a large medical testing company—once in a support call center and later as a programmer. The day all of us in the call center were laid off, I found out that most of the men working in the data center across the hall never bothered to learn my name. They just called me 'Jugs.'
I was 16 and my aunt got me a summer job at a title company in Los Angeles. One title officer who was probably in his 50's (and was married) would say things to me when nobody else was around. I was too young to know what to really make of it. Once I was using a copy machine on his floor and he walked by and said in a low voice, " Boy do I have a good view at my desk." I was shocked. I was too scared to say something because I was worried that I would lose my first job and that I would make my aunt look bad. That was 15 years ago, and I will never forget his face and how uncomfortable he made me feel.
When I was 16 years old I got my first real job flipping burgers at a local fast food chain. One of my co-workers (who I hardly knew) would flirt with me by sneaking up behind me and pinching or slapping my ass. I was a new employee, and inexperienced. All I knew was that it was uncomfortable and embarrassing. I never challenged the pincher, or reported the harassment to my boss because both the pincher and my manager were women. I am a man.
From the first day at a new job, a married coworker started hitting on me. He sent sexual innuendos in email, would linger in my office, and wink at me in passing. When I'd had enough, I turned him down. A week later he cornered me in the elevator and tried to kiss me. I reported him but nothing was done other than moving me to another part of the office. For two years he found ways to touch me and stare at me with intimidating looks. I felt alone because of how my office handled it (or lack thereof). It only stopped when I moved to another state.
When I was 20, I went to work at my first office job at a clothing manufacturer/importer. The warehouse manager would constantly talk about my big boobs. He asked me if my back hurt from carrying them around, stared all the time, and it all made me very uncomfortable. I did not say anything to my boss because my manager had only been there a short time and the warehouse manager had been there for many years. I was afraid of losing my job, which I needed. It was a very small company so when I got married, I put an invitation to my wedding reception on the bulletin board for my friends, and sure enough he showed up with several other coworkers. He came up to me and said, "I guess a blow-job is out of the question." I couldn't believe it!
I worked at a company for nine years. About a year before I left, I was outside directing a delivery guy where to take a shipment. It was the last day of work for one of our male employees who had gotten a new job. He was in his 50s. He came outside to say goodbye. But he did so by coming up behind me, and putting his mouth so close to my ear that I could feel his mustache hairs and his hot breath. He whispered, "you have one of the nicest asses I've ever seen." I laughed it off and nervously and told him to get out of here. I went into the Human Resources office and told them what happened but I knew there was nothing that could be done. He knew that too. He waited until his last day. His final paycheck signed. No potential for punishment. I still cringe when I think about it.
When I was 21, my supervisor emailed me to ask me if I'd ever posted nude photos online. He said he'd seen a girl who looked like me and thought he'd ask since I seemed like a "free spirit." When I said no, he asked me not to tell anyone he'd asked, given this was a "sensitive situation" for him.
Every single day I worked at this golf course I was sexually harassed by either members, my superiors, or my coworkers. One manager thought it was cute to flirt with me, always coming up behind me—grabbing me to surprise me, making lewd conversation about me in front of others.
At one job, after I did a training session for the entire department, a coworker felt the need to call me at my desk and ask if I would have been able to give the training if he bent me over the podium and fucked me from behind.
Age 17, I worked at the Student Health Center at a university in California as part of my financial aid packet. One day the medical director came into the room where a nurse was teaching me how to use the autoclave. The nurse stepped out, and the medical director looked me in the eye, reached around behind me and squeezed my butt hard, then winked and walked out. I had been violently raped by a close friend the year before. I was frozen. The nurse came back in. Maybe three minutes destroyed my first semester. (I wonder what gender people imagine each of us in this incident are.)
The investors at a company where I worked were always flirting with me. Some made inappropriate comments. I assumed it was part of the job. One day an investor put his hand down the back of my pants on my ass, in my underwear. I was shocked. I was stunned. I was mortified. I went to my boss and told him. He smiled. Then he said, "Do you think I hired you because you're smart?" I said nothing. I was dressed in tight jeans and heels. A low cut shirt. Surely I brought this on myself. I was supposed to like this, right? "You like your health insurance? Don't you?" My boss asked. I nodded. "Don't I take good care of you?" I nodded. I walked away in shame and confusion. "This is who I am" is what I thought as I went back to work.
When I graduated from college, I worked in a small office. Our CEO was a married man in his mid 50s. He could be moody, but he was professional and respectful at work. One weekend at a conference, we were both waiting at the bar for a drink. He looked over at me and mimed pulling his shirt down to show his chest. "Show the bartender a little something and he’ll pour you a drink really quick," he laughed. He was obviously drunk. My face instantly flushed. "I’m not talking to you as your boss right now, OK?” he said. At that same job, there was a man on our board of directors who often stared at me when I was presenting and looked at my breasts when I would talk with him one-on-one. He would hug me, and his hugs lasted longer than was comfortable.
I think inappropriate comments happen on a daily basis but I just didn't realize and for a long time have thought it's my fault. Often people will play it off as "banter" and will accuse you of being too sensitive in a work environment. I'm also the youngest person at work so I often get taken advantage of in all aspects. After one of our work events, I was sitting with a few colleagues and clients. One client kept commenting on how my boobs/"tits" were out. He was drinking but that's no excuse. This is an old man and I'm expected to be polite to clients. I then went to sit on another table where he continued to pester me and insult me regarding my boobs in front of my colleagues and other clients.
Of course I have had unwanted sexual advances in the workplace. How many stories can I cram in 300 words? When I was 16, the man whose children I babysat overnight tried forcing himself on me on his couch. Later he asked me to please join him in the bedroom and said I "didn’t know what I was missing" when I declined. When I was 22 at my first real job, my parents drove 700 miles to see my new office and the owner gave them a tour with his hand on my ass the entire time. From about 2011-2014 I worked with a man who constantly made sexual references, including asking me to come to his office to give him a birthday present. I did not encourage or want any of his comments or sexual attention. He was about 40 years older than me. Men make comments to me I would not dream of saying to a man in a professional settings.
We had hired a new assistant manager at a food chain and it was clear from the start that he was interested in me. If he wasn't joking around about cheating on his wife, he was trying to actually get me to sleep with him. My boyfriend happened to work with me during this time and one day he came home really upset. When I asked him why he told me that he overheard the manager bragging about having sex with me. When I reported him to the regional general manager, nothing was done. A few weeks later he was trying to get my attention so he thought it would be funny to kick my knee. He ended up spraining it and I had to go to the hospital. Still he kept his job. A week after that, he screamed at a fellow employee for being late and got fired for that. Sexual harassment is not taken seriously.
I was 22 years old and at my first job as a full-time journalist. I worked at a mid-sized daily newspaper in Texas that was owned by a large publishing company. The CEO and his entourage showed up one day while I was working. I noticed a mass migration of women off the editorial floor, but I was busy so I stayed at my desk, working. The editor, managing editor, and publisher were making their way around the floor with the CEO, introducing him. Then they got to me. The editor-in-chief introduced me, and as I put my hand out for a handshake, the CEO reached out and grabbed my breast. No one said anything. No one even flinched. I had always thought that if it ever happened to me, I'd scream and raise hell, or slap the guy. But when it really happened, I was too scared. Too ashamed. Too embarrassed. That was 22 years ago. I am still embarrassed that I let him get away with it.
I had a job driving a truck at a construction job at an airport. I was one of three women out of 40 drivers. Every day, our boss asked one or the other of us for a BJ. He would touch us inappropriately in meetings. And one day I had an incident where my truck came too close to an electrical line and blew out 12 of my 18 tires. I almost got electrocuted. My boss had me get in his pickup to go back to the yard. All the way back to my car he begged me to give him a blowjob. I was a total wreck after almost losing my job, and I told him no I wouldn't. He told me I needed to go to his house that night to fill out paperwork. When I got there, his wife was there so I thought it would be ok. Then she went to bed. After he put his children to bed he grabbed me again and said I had to do this for him. Needless to say, I quit.
I use to be one of the only girls working in a warehouse. The guys were constantly in "locker room talk" and one day it got wildly out of hand. I politely asked the guys to stop talking so crudely. And to think of what they would feel like if those things were said about their own daughters. They started making crude comments including how I was "jealous since I was a virgin." When they didn't stop I went to the manager and asked that she talk to them about the way they talk around me. She replied "I think you brought it on yourself by asking them to stop. I won't ask them to stop being guys."
My first job as a legal secretary was in 2002. I worked for a senior partner at one of the oldest, most respected law firms in town. He was very old fashioned, calling me in his office to get him coffee, or to ask me to pull a client's file for him. After working there for several months he began to make offensive comments, such as the time I was kneeling to file paperwork in the bottom drawer in the filing room. He came around the corner, stopped, and exclaimed "You look good on your knees. That's a good position for for you." I left the firm because of him and promised myself I would never work in those conditions again.
Once I was bending over to file some papers at a temporary job. My coworker walked in and proceeded to tell me all the things he "would love to do to me while I was bent over like that." Then he proceeded to talk to me about his newborn and wife. Things like this kept happening at that job. I work in human resources. And I felt silenced because it was always a coworker in HR.
After college, I wanted to go to law school and assist women in developing nations with microloans. I got an internship at a prestigious financial firm, which I thought would look good on my resume. My first day I was introduced to a floor of traders as "fresh meat." I was groped in the elevator and in line at the cafe. I stopped wearing skirts and was told I looked too sloppy. I wore skirts again and was once reduced to tears in front of a group of businessmen because I was told my "slutty schoolgirl" look was distracting. Finally, someone literally grabbed my pussy at a Christmas party. At that point, I decided finance and law wasn't for me. I was 21. I quit, and never told anybody about that either.
When I was 19, I worked nights as an usher for a theater. One night a manager who was in his 40s and married offered to drive me home. Instead he drove me to an empty car park and put his hand up my skirt. He said he just wanted to get to know me better. I jumped out of the car and ran. I’ve never told anybody about this.
There were so many times during my life that I was subjected to lewd and lascivious behavior by men. I was raped by my younger brother in my teens, and by a high school senior when I was a junior. Then, working for a law firm in my early 20s in Washington DC, one of the young lawyers constantly spoke to me in a suggestive way, to the point of stalking me. I also worked at a large corporation in my early 30s where I was often sexually harassed by the young executives. I am in my early sixties now and I would say that I was sexually harassed for more than half of my life. The abuse has led to a lifelong self-esteem problem, generalized anxiety disorder, broken heart syndrome, and multiple years of therapy.
I work for a company that works with the Department of Mental Health. We have an individual that has sexually harassed me (stalked me in the workplace, stared at me with a large grin on his face inappropriately, sang lewd "lyrics" to his "raps" in my direction, and has written notes stating his intentions to "have" me as his "woman"). I feel there isn't anything I can really do about it except quit because he is protected by the department and he wouldn't serve any time for his inappropriate behavior. He's even physically attacked a female staff member (in anger) and faced no repercussions for his actions.
As a young man in my twenties I was approached by older women (I was a newly married young man). One cornered me and the other grabbed. I was shocked me at the time. Both of these women turned against me after I rebuffed their advances. I do understand how a woman must feel.
I was sexually harassed at my first job. I worked at a restaurant, and there was a large freezer that stored food items. Once, I was getting something from it when the head chef walked in. I am used to the flirtatious comments that are often directed at me. Although they bother me, I write them off. However, this was different. As he walked in, he cornered me and blocked the exits. He began to tell me how he found me attractive and talked in innuendos. This man was at least 50 years old, and I was only 18. I was too afraid to tell him that I was uncomfortable.
Once at a center I managed, a man who taught there grabbed my breasts out of the blue. My predecessor's breasts were also grabbed (out of the blue) by the owner of the same center.
I was 18, it was my first day of work at a large national family restaurant chain. My manager asked me to follow him into the dry storage room for "training." In that small room he repeatedly brushed up against my backside and told crude jokes, including one about how he "masturbates to the Exorcist." I never told anyone because I was afraid of losing my new job. That terrible job helped put me through college. I now have a master's degree and work in a professional environment where I feel respected and safe.
When I was a teenager my first job was at a Wendy’s. I was the salad bar girl. A manager followed me into the walk-in cooler, when I turned to face him he began to unbutton my shirt. I was 16 and frozen in shock, I didn't know what to do. Thankfully another female employee walked in before it went any further but it was also humiliating because the look on her face made me feel like she thought I was OK with his actions. I told her otherwise after I left the walk-in. I never reported the incident as I was dating another manager (in his 20's) and didn't want him to be fired (because the assaulting manager knew this). These things aren't an everyday occurrence but I have experienced enough of them over the years to know it's a part of life all women deal with and mostly ignore, because if you complain you're an uptight "bitch."
I was thrilled to get a job at major ad agency in Seattle in the late '80's. There, I got daily visits from one of the creative directors to my workspace—he sat and told me dirty stories and made nasty gestures. Everyday. My boss also made sure that I knew that our jobs were dependent not only on putting up with this behavior, but also on our portrayal of enjoyment of it. I lasted until my wedding date.
I was 18 and had my first job as a hostess at an Italian restaurant. A few of the cooks and dishwashers would always stare and try to "accidentally" rub against the waitresses. The men spoke limited English, so the waitresses that also spoke Spanish would tell them off when they touched them and the men would just laugh. It was a daily occurrence. One evening I had to go into the cold storage for something, thus walking by one of the creepy dishwashers. He rubbed my arm and smiled as I walked by. I told him to stop, jerked my arm away and went into the cold storage, leaving the door ajar. Well, he closed the door on me. He probably only left me there for a few minutes, but it was so scary.
It was my second job ever, working at a book store. I was 18 when I started and I was super excited to be there. He was the assistant manager and the first person I met the day I came in for the interview. He gave me the creeps from day one, but I told myself I was just being dumb. It was a quirky little bookshop and all the people who worked there were a little off. I mostly worked nights and it would just be the two of us. At first he just turned everything I said into a sexual joke. And I thought, whatever. Guys do that. I was setting myself up for them. I just needed to be more careful about what I would say. Soon though he was making comments about my body, and why I only did well at my job because of how I looked, that people only liked me because I was a "chesty redhead." I would try to ask him pertinent questions and he would say things like "sorry I didn't hear you, I was staring at your ass." Thankfully he never truly got physical (though not for lack of trying) and when I came back from school over break he had been fired for stealing. I wish I had had the guts to report him then, but I was new at the job and didn't want to cause trouble. The shame that surrounds work harassment is infuriating. Even after he was gone I was scared to speak out for fear of being called a liar. I wish this was the only story I had but two years later I could write a book, most women in this country probably could.
It was my freshman year of college on my first day at work at a new job. Upon meeting my manager, I barely got a 'hello' before receiving the head-to-toe creeper sweep. I needed the job so I stayed, but always kept my distance from him. Several years later at a, "more professional" job, it was my last day and one of the older men I worked with said to me "Don't take this the wrong way, but you have a really nice rack." I immediately told my manager, who was a woman. I was hoping for support and was told to "just ignore him." These and other experiences have made me feel humiliated and powerless. No one seemed to care that my male colleagues were saying and doing inappropriate things.
I was in an entry level consulting job in Canada and was on a foreign work permit tied to my employer. One of the company principals at a social event kissed me and groped me without my permission after a few drinks. "To get me home safely" he called me a cab, and rather than drop me off at my place, he invited himself in. I was broke and needed the job. I had literally bought a one-way ticket to Canada and was living paycheck to paycheck. How do I tell this man to go home to his wife without hurting his pride and my job prospects? Despite my best efforts to send him home, he comes into my home, but fortunately we just talk. I tried to understand what I did to make him think that I invited this behavior. The next week, he tried to get me to have an affair with him, and I refused. A few months later he asks he if I want a "quickie in the alley." To this day he still thinks he did nothing wrong and I still work with him. I hate myself for it.
I've endured many unwanted advances during my forty years as an architect. My first bosses took me out to a farewell dinner and slapped two condoms on the table at the end of the dinner and begged me to sleep with them. I was 21. A married general contractor waltzed into that same office one day and grabbed me and kissed me passionately on the lips. An elderly gentleman shared a coffee with me near Lincoln Center and then, as we said goodbye, he grabbed me and shoved his tongue down my throat. On it went. Even in my early 50s, a married client mistook my interest in his project as an interest in sex. When I turned down his fourth invitation for drinks, my firm was fired from the project. The battle for respect is constant. Hillary, in her perfect, stalwart politeness, is me.
I used to work in an in-house cafe for a TV station. I was friendly with everyone, it was part of my job. One day one of the TV station executives invited me to his area of the station, his friends were around, he had a massive TV on top of a set of drawers. The drawers were full of as-yet unreleased films (like, not in the cinema yet) and he suggested that if I was ever bored on a weekend I could come over, reach into his drawers and see if I liked what I found. Hilarious. All his friends thought so. I saw the funny side but I’ve never experienced sexual aggression before, so I was confused. Most heterosexual guys don't get sexually harassed.
Another time he told me that my knee-length suit skirts were distracting, because "You have very long legs, so there is just a lot of leg between the floor and the skirt." He once reported that the judges in a hearing were bothered by me because I was "too poised, too confident." I did not, and do not believe any judge made any such complaint. 
I am a man who was stationed in Japan for 4 years. The person who was supposed to be my mentor and show me the ways of the ship sexually assaulted me for three years of my tour. He had other victims too, and eventually it went to court. He was found not guilty for "lack of evidence." And probably because he has a family. Justice was not served, and to this day I am suffering the scars of that experience: PTSD, severe depression, anxiety, flashbacks of the assaults, night terrors. I have to live with it. I go to school and no one will ever know.
My first experience of work harassment was in my second job and it involved one of the two company directors. I was in my early 20s and incredibly naïve about that sort of thing. I remember the director flattering me and somehow talking me into going back to his hotel room, which was when the alarm bells went off that he was interested in a hook-up instead of worrying about my career prospects. I managed to extricate myself without being mauled, but the experience really shook me to the core. Eventually I confided to my direct boss who went straight to the director and told him to “keep his hands off me,” and implied I was actually his territory (though he never came near me like that).
At work I had two older men tell me I looked better in heels and dresses. One really older man always ogled me whenever I walked by him and whenever he walked by my cube he would take the time to stop in and look me up and down. It all made me want to wear baggy parkas. I still feel uncomfortable wearing form-fitting clothing or clothing that reveals my legs.
In college I had a personal trainer who was also a family friend. I had known him for a year when I scheduled a sports massage at my apartment. While I was totally naked he climbed on top of me and tried to force having sex with me. I kept saying no but he wouldn't stop and I felt powerless. Thankfully he never penetrated me (sad that I have to be grateful for that) and just came on my body. It was beyond humiliating, disgusting, disrespectful, and dehumanizing. I felt like it was my fault for letting him into my house and being naked, but then I remembered no male athlete would ever have to think that so why should I?
A male boss once called me into a boardroom to scold me for something (I can't remember what now); I sat down and he sat in the chair directly beside me, pulled it close then pushed and rubbed his legs against mine. Whatever I was in "trouble" for, he wanted me to know he knew I was a "good girl" and not to disappoint him again. At the same job, another boss (I had several) commented on the length of my tongue when I jokingly stuck it out at someone else. I quit shortly thereafter.
One night during conference season, my team lead drunk texted me. I responded, thinking it was a last-minute ask for something he couldn't complete. Instead, he told me how drunk he was, how hot I was, and what he would do to me if I was at the conference with him. He called me 12 times after I stopped responding to his texts (and told him to go to bed) before I blocked him. Despite reporting him, and him having some very minor consequences, he still acts like nothing ever happened, and doesn't know why I don't hang out with him or the team anymore after my required work hours.
A few months in, an 18-year-old student began to sexually harass me in and out of class. When I brought it up with the administration I was shut down. Things escalated until the student grabbed me by the arm hard enough to leave bruises while he kissed me on the cheek in front of the class. He then whispered a threat. I was afraid for my safety.
During my early 30s, I was attending an institutional investor conference in Seattle as a hedge fund marketer. After the conference dinner ended, I was standing by the bar with a couple of my industry peers when the CIO of a large public plan approached us and stared me up and down. He then said to me, "I would recognize those legs anywhere" in front of a number of my peers. I was mortified, but probably just laughed it off. his behavior escalated, asking me if he could kiss me to telling me he wanted to sleep with me. There is nothing—no sort of training or mentoring—that prepares you for how to handle these sorts of situations in your career.
Toward the end of the year at a company party, one of my married supervisors, visibly drunk, came up to me to give me a hug and grabbed my behind in front of everyone. I was mortified.
My entire career—18 years in Fortune Top 50 companies, hospitality, biotech and now local government—I have been stalked, harassed, sexually harassed, bullied, demeaned and verbally assaulted. I work now on a team of 10 men in IT; it's been brutal. One young man punched me so hard in my back I lost my breath. He also kicked me in my butt several times too. HR did absolutely nothing, they never do. They say I imagined it (he said-she said deal) and to call the health insurance nurse hotline. I'm exhausted and never want to work again.
walking home form the corner drugstore, small small rural town, old white man in a white truck stopped near me and said he wanted to take me in the bushes and tear my pussy up. I was terrified and ashamed—ran home and hid under my bed so he couldn't find me
Teens, college professor took me out to lunch after a girlfriend of mine was killed in a car-train accident. In the car he leaned over me to get something from glove compartment and tried to kiss me.
In my 30s pregnant, the backup obstetrician twisted my nipples (nurse not present) to "make sure I would be able to breastfeed.
A coworker in his late 40s came behind me while I was typing. Before I could do anything, he had reached down to grab my breasts—one in each hand as if he were clutching oranges. He had my elbows pinned so I couldn’t move my arms more than a couple inches. His head was over my shoulder and his face by my ear. I don’t recall what he said but I do remember the shock, fear, surprise and embarrassment. He held me for maybe 10-15 seconds, then made some sort of joke and left.
While I was working at an ad agency, we had a client dinner that included drinks and then stopping at a bar. Toward the end of the night the lead creative guy from one of our client’s collaborating agencies asked me back to his room. I said, “You’re married and I’m gay.” He replied, "My wife understands," and then asked, "How about we just do mutual masturbation?"